Adds list of kn plugins to docs (#4804)
knative/docs: docs/install/client/kn-plugins.md

!!! warning
    The plugins must be named with the prefix `kn-` to be detected by `kn`. For example, `kn-func` will be detected but `func` won't be detected.

<!--TODO: Add details about using different available plugins-->

## How to install a plugin

### Manaul installation

> All plugins can be installed by downloading the current release from Github and placing it somewhere on your `PATH`. You may need to rename the file to remove any OS/architecture information (for example, `kn-admin-darwin-amd64` should be renamed to `kn-admin`).

Author: +1 on making executable before moving.

As for the installation location, how about making the last instruction something like:
`Move the file to either a directory on your `PATH` or to the [`plugins/` directory](configure-kn.md) for your operating system.`?

> All plugins can be installed by downloading the current release from Github and placing it somewhere on your `PATH`. You may need to rename the file to remove any OS/architecture information (for example, `kn-admin-darwin-amd64` should be renamed to `kn-admin`).

Reviewer: My only concern with giving 2 options is that uses might not know which to choose. Is there a best practice? If so, that's what we should document.

> All plugins can be installed by downloading the current release from Github and placing it somewhere on your `PATH`. You may need to rename the file to remove any OS/architecture information (for example, `kn-admin-darwin-amd64` should be renamed to `kn-admin`).

Author: Got it. I think PATH is best practice, so will update to just include that option.

### Homebrew

> Some plugins can be installed via the [Knative plugins Homebrew Tap](https://github.com/knative-sandbox/homebrew-kn-plugins/)) For example, the `kn-admin` plugin can be installed by running `brew install knative-sandbox/kn-plugins/admin`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can install some plugins can be installed using the [Knative plugins Homebrew Tap](https://github.com/knative-sandbox/homebrew-kn-plugins/). For example, you can install the `kn-admin` plugin by running `brew install knative-sandbox/kn-plugins/admin`.
```

## List of Knative plugins

| Plugin | Description | Available via Homebrew? |
| --- | --- | :---: |

> | [kn-plugin-admin](https://github.com/knative-sandbox/kn-plugin-admin) | Kn plugin for managing a Kubernetes based Knative installation | Y |

Reviewer: I think `kn` should be lower case and in code to be consistent.
